update documentation for `teal_slices` (#970)
insightsengineering/teal: vignettes/filter-panel.Rmd

![](./images/filters_mapping.jpg)

> To achieve the described setup, one must use the `mapping` argument to appropriately match each `teal_module` with its respective `teal_slice`. `mapping` takes a named list where each element is named with a module's `label` and contains a vector of `teal_slice` `id`s. These elements will active in that module at startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve the described setup, one must set the `module_specific` argument to `TRUE` and use the `mapping` argument to match filters to modules. `mapping` takes a named list where element names correspond to module labels, and elements are vectors of `teal_slice` `id`s applied to that module at startup. `teal_slice`s listed the element called `"global_filters"` will be applied to all modules.
```

    teal_slice(dataname = "mtcars", varname = "hp", id = "filter 4"),
    teal_slice(dataname = "mtcars", varname = "drat", id = "filter 5"),
    teal_slice(dataname = "mtcars", varname = "wt", id = "filter 6"),

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # module-specific filtering enabled
```
